# Online-examination-system
for sripali acadamy
Abstract: Online examination system is a web-based examination system where examinations are given online. Online examination is conducting a test online to measure the knowledge of the participants on a given topic.  
With online examination students can do the exam online, in their own time and with their own device. The main goal of this online examination system is to effectively evaluate the student thoroughly through a totally automated system that not only reduce the required time but also obtain fast and accurate results.   

Online Examination System is considered a fast collect the answers, auto mark the submission, and developing examination method because of its accuracy produce the reports for the test. EMS supports secure login, and speed. It is also needed less manpower to handle the multiinstructor, and portability features. However, the examination. Almost all organizations today, are managing other features: resumption capability, random question their exams by online examination system, since it reduce selection, random question distribution, and random student's time in examinations. As a result of this, the result is evaluates the examiners by using the online examination calculated in less time. It also helps diminishing the need system concept. The exams will be totally customizable. For paper. Online examination project in PHP is very 
useful this system will check results automatically basing on to learn it, According to today’s requirement online student’s answer. Online examination lack of timing flexibility for automation candidates log-off system helps the educational institutions to monitor their upon expiration of allowed time, result integrity, guaranty, students and keep eyes on their progress. The best use of stand-alone deployment, need for flexibility, robustness, this system in Scholastic Institute and training centers designed to support the examination processes and because it helps in managing the exams and get the results Overcome challenges framing the conduct of examination
Since the traditional have many drawbacks such as time many different researches have focused on the subject of consuming, Difficulty of analyzing the test manually, More an online examination system these work can be observers are required to take exam of many students, represented as following: Results are not accurate since calculations is done. On the other hand, the other features: information in a database, and this make it an easier way to resumption capability, multi-instructor, random question give exam teachers can add theirs exams rules , and selection, random questions 
distribution and random student can give exam in a totally. 	 
 
